Add changelog_max_commits_number to input parameter (#6)
pipe-cd/actions-gh-release: README.md

| changelog_show_committer        | Include committer name in the changelog.                                        |    no    |      true     |
| changelog_only_use_merge_commit | Only use merge commits to generate changelog. Ignore all other commit kinds.    |    no    |     false     |
| changelog_ignore_merge_commit   | Ignore merge commits from the changelog.                                        |    no    |     false     |

> | changelog_max_commits_number    | The number of commits in the changelog.                                         |    no    |      100      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| changelog_max_commits_number    | The maximum number of commits could be retrieved to generate changelog.                                         |    no    |      100      |
```
